Add component hooks documentation (#15883)
decidim/decidim: docs/modules/develop/pages/components.adoc

[source,ruby]
----
# :my_component is the unique name of the component that will be globally registered.
Decidim.register_component(:my_component) do |my_component|
  my_component.on(:create) do |component|
    # In the officially provided libraries we are using this hook to create additional required resources, like the default proposal states.
    MyComponent::DoSomething.with(component)
  end

  my_component.on(:publish) do |component|
    # In the officially provided libraries we are using this hook to add items to the search index
    MyComponent::DoSomething.with(component)
  end

  my_component.on(:unpublish) do |component|
    # In the officially provided libraries we are using this hook to remove items from the search index
    MyComponent::DoSomething.with(component)
  end
  my_component.on(:update) do |component|
    MyComponent::DoSomething.with(component)
  end

  my_component.on(:permission_update) do |component|
    MyComponent::DoSomething.with(component)
  end

  my_component.on(:duplicate) do |new_component, old_component|
    MyComponent::DoSomething.with(new_component)
    MyComponent::DoSomethingElse.with(old_component)
  end
end
----

> In some cases, you could define your own component hooks like follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you could define your own component hooks like the following:
```

[source,ruby]
----
# :my_component is the unique name of the component that will be globally registered.
Decidim.register_component(:my_component) do |my_component|
  my_component.on(:my_action) do |params|
    MyComponent::DoSomething.with_the(params)
  end
end
----

> Then you could call it in your codebase as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you could call it in your codebase as the following:
```

[source,ruby]
----

> # ... Some code that you have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ... Some code that you may have
```
